Upgrade nixpkgs pin, build with gRPC 1.64+ (#169)
awakesecurity/gRPC-haskell: README.md

Installation
------------

> **The current version of this library requires gRPC version 1.64.0. Newer versions may work but have not been tested.**

Reviewer: This is not true.

Author: Sorry forgot to revert this note. What about:
```suggestion
**The current version of this library requires gRPC version 1.45.0 and was also tested with 1.67.0. Other versions may work but have not been tested.**
```
